README.md, before:

# Bunoraa E-Commerce Platform

A premium, robust, production-ready single-store e-commerce platform built with Django 5.x, Django REST Framework, and a modern frontend stack using pure JavaScript (ES6 modules) and TailwindCSS.

## 🚀 Features

### Backend
- **Django 5.x** with Django REST Framework
- **RESTful API** under `/api/v1/` with standardized response format:
  ```json
  {
    "success": boolean,
    "message": string,
    "data": any,
    "meta": object?
  }
  ```
- **Modular Architecture** with clean separation of concerns
- **Authentication** with JWT (SimpleJWT), social auth (Google, Facebook)
- **Multi-currency** support with real-time exchange rates

See `docs/CURRENCY.md` for details on currency switching, admin setup and front-end behavior.
- **Comprehensive Admin** with Django admin customizations
- **Celery** for async tasks and scheduled jobs
- **Redis** for caching and Celery broker

### Frontend
- **Pure ES6 JavaScript** modules (no framework dependencies)
- **TailwindCSS** with custom design system
- **Responsive Design** mobile-first approach
- **Modern UI Components** (modals, tabs, accordions, toasts, etc.)
- **Progressive Enhancement** works without JavaScript

### E-Commerce
- Product catalog with categories, variants, and images
- Shopping cart with session and user-based persistence
- Checkout flow with multiple payment methods
- Order management and tracking
- Wishlist functionality
- Product reviews and ratings
- Promotional campaigns and coupons
- Inventory management

## 📁 Project Structure

```
bunoraa/
├── accounts/              # User authentication & profiles
├── products/              # Product catalog
├── cart/                  # Shopping cart
├── orders/                # Order processing
├── payments/              # Payment integrations
├── shipping/              # Shipping methods & zones
├── promotions/            # Coupons & campaigns
├── reviews/               # Product reviews
├── wishlist/              # User wishlists
├── notifications/         # Email & push notifications
├── analytics/             # Business analytics
├── cms/                   # Homepage, banners, pages
├── contacts/              # Contact forms, FAQ, newsletter
├── support/               # Support tickets
├── core/                  # Project settings
│   ├── settings/          # Environment-based settings
│   ├── utils/             # Utilities (response helpers)
│   ├── exceptions/        # Custom exception handlers
│   ├── urls.py            # URL configuration
│   └── urls_api.py        # API v1 URL configuration
├── static/                # Static assets
│   ├── js/               # ES6 JavaScript modules
│   │   ├── api/         # API client modules
│   │   ├── components/  # UI components
│   │   ├── pages/       # Page-specific logic
│   │   └── utils/       # Utilities
│   └── css/             # TailwindCSS styles
├── templates/             # Django templates
├── media/                 # User uploads
├── locale/                # Translations
└── requirements.txt       # Python dependencies
```

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- PostgreSQL 14+ (or SQLite for development)
- Redis 7+
- Node.js 18+ (for TailwindCSS CLI)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/bunoraa.git
cd bunoraa
```

2. **Create virtual environment**
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # Linux/Mac
venv\Scripts\activate     # Windows
```

3. **Install Python dependencies**
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. **Install Node dependencies** (for TailwindCSS)
```bash
npm install
```

5. **Configure environment variables**
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your settings
```

6. **Run migrations**
```bash
python manage.py migrate
```

7. **Create superuser**
```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

8. **Collect static files**
```bash
python manage.py collectstatic
```

9. **Build TailwindCSS**
```bash
npm run build:css
# or for development with watch mode:
npm run dev:css
```

10. **Run development server**
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

```env
# Django
DEBUG=True
SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key
ALLOWED_HOSTS=localhost,127.0.0.1

# Database
DATABASE_URL=postgres://user:pass@localhost:5432/bunoraa

# Redis
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379/0

# Email
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.example.com
EMAIL_PORT=587
EMAIL_USE_TLS=True
EMAIL_HOST_USER=your@email.com
EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD=your-password

# Payments
STRIPE_PUBLIC_KEY=pk_test_xxx
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_xxx
PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID=xxx
PAYPAL_SECRET=xxx

# Social Auth
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=xxx
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=xxx
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=xxx
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=xxx

# AWS (for file storage)
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxx
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxx
AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME=xxx
```

## 📡 API Reference

### Authentication

```http
POST /api/v1/auth/login/
POST /api/v1/auth/register/
POST /api/v1/auth/logout/
POST /api/v1/auth/password/reset/
POST /api/v1/auth/token/refresh/
```

### Products

```http
GET    /api/v1/products/
GET    /api/v1/products/{slug}/
GET    /api/v1/products/{slug}/reviews/
GET    /api/v1/categories/
GET    /api/v1/categories/{slug}/
```

### Cart

```http
GET    /api/v1/cart/
POST   /api/v1/cart/items/
PATCH  /api/v1/cart/items/{id}/
DELETE /api/v1/cart/items/{id}/
POST   /api/v1/cart/coupon/
```

### Orders

```http
GET    /api/v1/orders/
POST   /api/v1/orders/
GET    /api/v1/orders/{order_number}/
POST   /api/v1/orders/{order_number}/cancel/
```

### Response Format

All API responses follow this format:

```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Operation successful",
  "data": { ... },
  "meta": {
    "pagination": {
      "page": 1,
      "per_page": 20,
      "total": 100,
      "total_pages": 5
    }
  }
}
```

## 🎨 Frontend Architecture

### JavaScript Modules

```javascript
// API Client
import { api } from '/static/js/api/client.js';

// Utilities
import { formatCurrency } from '/static/js/utils/currency.js';
import { debounce } from '/static/js/utils/helpers.js';

// UI Components
import { Modal } from '/static/js/components/modal.js';
import { Toast } from '/static/js/components/toast.js';

// State Stores
import { cartStore } from '/static/js/stores/cart.js';
import { authStore } from '/static/js/stores/auth.js';
```

### TailwindCSS Theme

The custom theme includes:
- **Primary Color**: Coral (#e5604d)
- **Secondary Color**: Gray scale
- **Accent Color**: Orange
- **Font Family**: Inter (sans-serif)
- **Custom Components**: Buttons, inputs, cards, badges

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
python manage.py test

# Run specific app tests
python manage.py test products

# Run with coverage
coverage run manage.py test
coverage report
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Production Checklist

- [ ] Set `DEBUG=False`
- [ ] Configure production database
- [ ] Set up Redis for caching
- [ ] Configure email backend
- [ ] Set up static file serving (CDN/S3)
- [ ] Configure media file storage (S3)
- [ ] Set up SSL certificate
- [ ] Configure Celery workers
- [ ] Set up monitoring (Sentry, etc.)

### Docker Deployment

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

### Render Deployment

The project includes `render.yaml` for easy deployment on Render:

```bash
# Push to GitHub and connect to Render
# Services will be auto-created from render.yaml
```

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📧 Support

For support, email support@bunoraa.com or open an issue on GitHub.

---

Built with ❤️ by the Bunoraa Team

Commit message:

feat: Implement site backup management command with S3 upload and retention features
- Added `backup_site` management command to create backups of site data including database fixtures and optional media/static files.
- Introduced command-line arguments for specifying apps to backup, including/excluding media/static files, output path, compression options, S3 upload, and retention policies.
- Implemented logic to handle retention of backups based on maximum count and age.
- Created unit tests for backup command functionality, including fixture creation, media inclusion, S3 upload, and retention logic.
- Added optional ML dependencies in `requirements-ml.txt`.
- Developed JavaScript helper for suggesting categories in the admin interface based on product name/description.

README.md, after:

# Bunoraa E-Commerce Platform

A premium, robust, production-ready single-store e-commerce platform built with Django 5.x, Django REST Framework, and a modern frontend stack using pure JavaScript (ES6 modules) and TailwindCSS.

## 🚀 Features

### Backend
- **Django 5.x** with Django REST Framework
- **RESTful API** under `/api/v1/` with standardized response format:
  ```json
  {
    "success": boolean,
    "message": string,
    "data": any,
    "meta": object?
  }
  ```
- **Modular Architecture** with clean separation of concerns
- **Authentication** with JWT (SimpleJWT), social auth (Google, Facebook)
- **Multi-currency** support with real-time exchange rates

See `docs/CURRENCY.md` for details on currency switching, admin setup and front-end behavior.
- **Comprehensive Admin** with Django admin customizations
- **Celery** for async tasks and scheduled jobs
- **Redis** for caching and Celery broker

### Frontend
- **Pure ES6 JavaScript** modules (no framework dependencies)
- **TailwindCSS** with custom design system
- **Responsive Design** mobile-first approach
- **Modern UI Components** (modals, tabs, accordions, toasts, etc.)
- **Progressive Enhancement** works without JavaScript

### E-Commerce
- Product catalog with categories, variants, and images
- Shopping cart with session and user-based persistence
- Checkout flow with multiple payment methods
- Order management and tracking
- Wishlist functionality
- Product reviews and ratings
- Promotional campaigns and coupons
- Inventory management

## 📁 Project Structure

```
bunoraa/
├── accounts/              # User authentication & profiles
├── products/              # Product catalog
├── cart/                  # Shopping cart
├── orders/                # Order processing
├── payments/              # Payment integrations
├── shipping/              # Shipping methods & zones
├── promotions/            # Coupons & campaigns
├── reviews/               # Product reviews
├── wishlist/              # User wishlists
├── notifications/         # Email & push notifications
├── analytics/             # Business analytics
├── cms/                   # Homepage, banners, pages
├── contacts/              # Contact forms, FAQ, newsletter
├── support/               # Support tickets
├── core/                  # Project settings
│   ├── settings/          # Environment-based settings
│   ├── utils/             # Utilities (response helpers)
│   ├── exceptions/        # Custom exception handlers
│   ├── urls.py            # URL configuration
│   └── urls_api.py        # API v1 URL configuration
├── static/                # Static assets
│   ├── js/               # ES6 JavaScript modules
│   │   ├── api/         # API client modules
│   │   ├── components/  # UI components
│   │   ├── pages/       # Page-specific logic
│   │   └── utils/       # Utilities
│   └── css/             # TailwindCSS styles
├── templates/             # Django templates
├── media/                 # User uploads
├── locale/                # Translations
└── requirements.txt       # Python dependencies
```

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- PostgreSQL 14+ (or SQLite for development)
- Redis 7+
- Node.js 18+ (for TailwindCSS CLI)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/bunoraa.git
cd bunoraa
```

2. **Create virtual environment**
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # Linux/Mac
venv\Scripts\activate     # Windows
```

3. **Install Python dependencies**
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
# Optional: install ML/training deps if you plan to train or export classifiers
pip install -r requirements-ml.txt
```

4. **Install Node dependencies** (for TailwindCSS)
```bash
npm install
```

5. **Configure environment variables**
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your settings
```

6. **Run migrations**
```bash
python manage.py migrate
```

7. **Create superuser**
```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

8. **Collect static files**
```bash
python manage.py collectstatic
```

9. **Build TailwindCSS**
```bash
npm run build:css
# or for development with watch mode:
npm run dev:css
```

10. **Run development server**
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

```env
# Django
DEBUG=True
SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key
ALLOWED_HOSTS=localhost,127.0.0.1

# Database
DATABASE_URL=postgres://user:pass@localhost:5432/bunoraa

# Redis
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379/0

# Email
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.example.com
EMAIL_PORT=587
EMAIL_USE_TLS=True
EMAIL_HOST_USER=your@email.com
EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD=your-password

# Payments
STRIPE_PUBLIC_KEY=pk_test_xxx
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_xxx
PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID=xxx
PAYPAL_SECRET=xxx

# Social Auth
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=xxx
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=xxx
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=xxx
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=xxx

# AWS (for file storage)
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxx
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxx
AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME=xxx
```

## 📡 API Reference

### Authentication

```http
POST /api/v1/auth/login/
POST /api/v1/auth/register/
POST /api/v1/auth/logout/
POST /api/v1/auth/password/reset/
POST /api/v1/auth/token/refresh/
```

### Products

```http
GET    /api/v1/products/
GET    /api/v1/products/{slug}/
GET    /api/v1/products/{slug}/reviews/
GET    /api/v1/categories/
GET    /api/v1/categories/{slug}/
```

### Cart

```http
GET    /api/v1/cart/
POST   /api/v1/cart/items/
PATCH  /api/v1/cart/items/{id}/
DELETE /api/v1/cart/items/{id}/
POST   /api/v1/cart/coupon/
```

### Orders

```http
GET    /api/v1/orders/
POST   /api/v1/orders/
GET    /api/v1/orders/{order_number}/
POST   /api/v1/orders/{order_number}/cancel/
```

### Response Format

All API responses follow this format:

```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Operation successful",
  "data": { ... },
  "meta": {
    "pagination": {
      "page": 1,
      "per_page": 20,
      "total": 100,
      "total_pages": 5
    }
  }
}
```

## 🎨 Frontend Architecture

### JavaScript Modules

```javascript
// API Client
import { api } from '/static/js/api/client.js';

// Utilities
import { formatCurrency } from '/static/js/utils/currency.js';
import { debounce } from '/static/js/utils/helpers.js';

// UI Components
import { Modal } from '/static/js/components/modal.js';
import { Toast } from '/static/js/components/toast.js';

// State Stores
import { cartStore } from '/static/js/stores/cart.js';
import { authStore } from '/static/js/stores/auth.js';
```

### TailwindCSS Theme

The custom theme includes:
- **Primary Color**: Coral (#e5604d)
- **Secondary Color**: Gray scale
- **Accent Color**: Orange
- **Font Family**: Inter (sans-serif)
- **Custom Components**: Buttons, inputs, cards, badges

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
python manage.py test

# Run specific app tests
python manage.py test products

# Run with coverage
coverage run manage.py test
coverage report
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Production Checklist

- [ ] Set `DEBUG=False`
- [ ] Configure production database
- [ ] Set up Redis for caching
- [ ] Configure email backend
- [ ] Set up static file serving (CDN/S3)
- [ ] Configure media file storage (S3)
- [ ] Set up SSL certificate
- [ ] Configure Celery workers
- [ ] Set up monitoring (Sentry, etc.)

### Docker Deployment

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

### Render Deployment

The project includes `render.yaml` for easy deployment on Render:

```bash
# Push to GitHub and connect to Render
# Services will be auto-created from render.yaml
```

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📧 Support

For support, email support@bunoraa.com or open an issue on GitHub.

---

Built with ❤️ by the Bunoraa Team
